Hello and welcome back to the course on business statistics and today we're talking about populations
and samples.
Now I'm sure you've already come across the storm so this is going to be just a quick refresher tutorial
on little breeze through it very swiftly.
OK.
So let's say we have a population there it is.
It might be a population of human beings that we're studying and might be a population of animals.
It might be even a population of certain events that occur that we want to observe so it doesn't have
to be living things that can be just something that we're observing.
And so this is all called the population.
Now if we take a subset from there then like this then that would be called a sample sample can be random
assemble can be nonrandom usually when we say sample we mean a random sample from the population and
population has its parameters.
So it has for example the number of observations that you have in that population a number of subjects
or events or anything of the number of items that you are looking at.
Myu is the mean.
So the average of a certain metric you might be looking at the average height of every person on the
planet or the average height.
In that case every person on the planet is your population or if you're looking at the average height
of people in the US alone then people in the US.
That's the total population.
Or if you're looking at the average height of people in one school then that is your population.
So depending on your experiment depending on your intentions and what you're looking for your population
definition will vary and Sigma as we've seen is the standard deviation in that population which talks
about variance.
For instance if you're measuring the height of people then Sigma would be the variance in your population.
So how does height really vary.
It would be a metric of variance in your sample.
On the other hand you don't have parameters.
You have statistics because the sample is a subset of your population.
So it's important to distinguish between these two terms.
Parameters are set for the whole population or are attributed to the population where as sample sample
is designed to help you measure the parameters or assess the parameters.
And therefore you're just getting statistics and statistics pretty much for the same variables as issue
up there.
These are their counterparts so the small end is for the number of observations in your sample X bar.
What we're going to be calling and sometimes Sulzer called X hats and it's drawn of a hat on top rather
than a bar are we going to be using X bar so X bar is your mean.
Inside that sample and as is your standard deviation.
And so we're going to be using these terms to make sure that we're separating was happening in a sample
to what's happening inside a population.
But intellectually this is going to be pretty interesting when we get to sampling distributions because
it'll be a bit different there as well but nevertheless.
So what's the point of taking a sample.
Well sometimes the population like if it's a popular publication is all the kids all of the human beings
in a school then yes you can survey all of them and you can get a metric about their height easy but
if it's a whole population of us there's no way you're going to get every single person in the US to
tell you the height or measure their height is just impractical and it's very costly and timely and
that's why what we do in what's normally done is that people are researchers or even in business for
instance.
Your population might not be human beings might be events that like how quickly your son like some piece
of equipment is working in a factory or how quickly your trucks are going back and forth to the delivery
point and back.
So these are Jaleo events or all the observations in your population.
But in order to assess these parameters which are critical for the business operations you can use samples
to help you determine that.
So we have a certain degree of confidence or accuracy using samples you can determine these and is is
going to be possible.
No it's not going to be impractical like serving the whole population.
Yes and it's going to be pretty accurate.
So you can be quite confident about the results so that's why we do sampling or that's where you get
samples.
And that's what we're going to be exploring.
In fact it's pretty straightforward here so if you take a sample you can use these parameters of your
sample to approximate your population but it's not always that easy and straightforward and it's cannot
always be done like that.
That's why we are going to be talking about some more advanced things but the sampling distribution
in the next tutorial so only 14 in there.
And until next time happy analyzing.